weasley got neutered yesterday and it
was an e-collar on not too happy and
can't quite figure out oh there goes
well he's doing better now he was just
trying to look down like that every time
he walked and he wasn't getting ready
for rainy buddy like yeah come here baby
are you doing oh really where you going
Wrigley you can't fit under the big come
here come on let's go back in the room
tell me oh poor Wrigley they don't like
it you don't like it do you buddy kitty
does not know what to think about that
who is that strange creature how is it
is that your money really friendly oh
you so sad you look like a little you're
really give me a buddy look up here come
on let's go in the living room hemel
hemel anybody where though you look so
sad Oh baby will take care of you yes in
mia want to Kenny now he's gonna live on
your income love on it BTW give him
sound laugh